<p class="P6">He was told that two containers
would not be able to contain each other's body of water if their
respective volumes were significantly different. Common physics
pointed out that a bucket of water (containing ten liters in the
metric system) would not be easily transferred into a glass drinking
cup without significant water loss. Apparently some smart ass had
proven this way back ago in one of his crazy experiments. But you
never know: maybe nature had changed in the meantime? After all, it
had been a long time ago. So stubbornly, against all advice to just
leave it at that and look up the information on the Internet, he
decided to figure out the truth. 
</p>
<table class='images'>
	<tr>
		<td align='center'><a class='gallery' data-fancybox-group='gallery' href='01.png' title='01'><img src='thumbs/01.png' width='150' height='150' alt='01' /></a></td>
		<td align='center'><a class='gallery' data-fancybox-group='gallery' href='02.png' title='02'><img src='thumbs/02.png' width='150' height='150' alt='02' /></a></td>
		<td align='center'><a class='gallery' data-fancybox-group='gallery' href='03.png' title='03'><img src='thumbs/03.png' width='150' height='150' alt='03' /></a></td>
	</tr>
</table>
<p>He wanted to build a platform on which this cosmic happening was
to take place. It is always a good thing to frame events against a
proper background of ritual and decorum (especially when you plan on
videotaping the damn thing). In a corner, he found some orange
bricks. He thought they looked really nice in contrast to the plants
and his green T-shirt. The bricks were placed on top of each other
turning them ninety degrees with every new level to form a tower
exactly in the middle of a gridded floor. It's always a good thing,
especially when doing science, to think of symmetry and balance and
harmony. The top of the tower reached his waist, meeting him halfway
the total length of his body. A chipboard was used to form a tabletop
on which the experiment could be performed.</p>
<p>At first he tried pouring water from a bucket into a glass cup.
And indeed, there seemed to be a great deal of spillage. On the other
hand, you never really know until you measure things, isn't it. So,
following scientific method, he decided to reverse the process and to
pour out the glass (that was now filled to the brim) into the bucket
again. If the water level was back the way it was in the beginning,
he had proven that there was no spillage and that water has the
physical property to shrink and expand depending on its surrounding
container. 
</p>
<p>The results were - to say the least - a bit disappointing. The
water level in the bucket didn't even come close to its original
position. Apart from disproving his intuitions about the way nature
worked, this meant that he had lost a great deal of water in the
process. The cosmic revelation he had anticipated turned out to be a
great ecological disaster. Moreover, the flowing water itself
couldn't care less and was swift in dripping away from the place of
experiment. He decided to drink the remaining body of water that he
had transferred back into the glass cup. He did this in such an
expressive manner that people would later think he had drunk the
entire bucket. Which is what he would tell everybody afterwards to
shamefully hide the results of his ridiculous experiment. While
disassembling the experiment he was thinking of a way to make the
best of this experience. But wait a minute! There was of course the
possibility that using different kinds of combinations of buckets and
glasses was going to give different results. His spirits started
mounting again. He still had this black bucket somewhere. And lots of
different glasses in his cupboard. He could continue this quest first
thing in the morning. 
</p>
<p>With refreshed energy and a great deal of ambition he decided not
to be trapped in the world of induction. He never believed in it
anyway. He had always found that disproving white ravens just because
you hadn't seen them and all other ravens were black, seemed to
indicate a lack of imagination. It had always been leaps of faith
that took people to another level, not conservative whining about
evident restrictions and limitations of nature. Anyway, whatever
discoveries were still to be found, it's a good thing he had
videotaped the experiment. He could always use it somewhere in an art
context. Moreover, it proved that he was at least doing something
useful with his life. Better than idling his days away doing nothing
at all!</p>
